{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Lucas Teixeira\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 I\u8217'm a seasoned Brazilian software engineer familiar with C#, ActionScript, JavaScript, Java and C++. Focused mainly on games, 3D, motion and client-side programs in general. Solid skills on design patterns, software architecture, sockets/network, mathematics and physics.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer at Rogue Snail (2019)}\line Remote position.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed the loot/action game Relic Hunters Legend using Unity3D and C#.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Gameplay, VFX and UI code;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Steam API integration;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Software architecture and planning;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Used Photon to implement multiplayer;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on a existing Amazon AWS system (using C#) to build, deploy and upload the game to Steam platform.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer at Possible Brasil (2018)}\line Remote position.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed the Siemens Quiz game for mobile platforms using Apache Cordova and HTML/CSS/JavaScript.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Large code base with years of existence and several past contributors;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab System based on AngularJS;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on the client side creating new features and game modes;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sever communication via HTTP requests;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deployed for Android and iOS.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer at Sirlin Games (2017)}\line Remote position.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Mainly responsible for the UI and Steam integration of the fighting game Fantasy Strike using Unity3D and C# with the Universal Fighting Engine.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for UI and screen navigation flow;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed the training mode of the game;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Steam API integration;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Also worked on the matchmaking server (using Java) writing an implementation of the Elo rating system.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer at Aquiris Game Studio (2014-2017)}\line Porto Alegre, Brazil.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 During my time at Aquiris I\u8217've worked on two projects using Unity3D and C#. The first one was the first person shooter game Ballistic Overkill and the second was the mobile game Looney Tunes World of Mayhem (which is was the leader of the client team).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ported the game Ballistic from Facebook to Steam platform;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reimplemented the network system using Steam\u8217's peer-to-peer networking API;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Created the dedicated server of the game;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Maintained the game during the early access stage;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Client team leader of the Looney Tunes game for mobiles platforms;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for sprint planing, designing the core systems and supporting the members of the team;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed two prototype of battle systems similar to JRPG games.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Motion Programmer at Conrad Caine (2010-2014)}\line Pelotas, Brazil.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Worked mainly with Flash (ActionScript2 and ActionScript3) to develop a wide range of web and motion applications including screen savers, panic boards and e-learning games.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed advergames and e-learning games using ActionScript3;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented screen savers for Windows using C++ and OpenGL;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on a high profile project where we created a panic board application using ActionScript3 and JavaScript;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Server communication using HTTP requests and TCP sockets;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed prototypes using Microsoft Kinect for a movement-based input system.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Flash Developer at Eckert&Caine (2009-2010)}\line Pelotas, Brazil.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Part of a small team developing a large web system for strategy and management used by companies around the world.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed multimedia components using Flash/ActionScript3 to be used by the JavaScript team;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Created Flash scripts to be used as fallback in older browsers (like a Video Player, File Upload utility and so on).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Flash Developer at Conrad Caine (2005-2006)}\line Pelotas, Brazil.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Development of motion websites and enterprise softwares using ActionScript and ActionScript2.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on a large medical system developing the frontend (using ActionScript2) including UI and server communication;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed a simple prototype of a racing game using J2ME and the M3G library for mobile platforms;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Used projectors like Zync and mProjector to export Flash as desktop applications.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Multimedia Developer at Gestum (2004-2005)}\line Pelotas, Brazil.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Junior programmer using ActionScript2 to create e-learnining games targeted for Flash Player 7.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on a isometric game engine written in ActionScript2;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented the A* algorithm;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed game tools for character creation and level design;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Packed the game using SCORM specification.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Published Games\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Here\u8217's a list of every published game that I\u8217've worked on:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Relic Hunters Legend:} loot/action game for Steam platform.\line https://store.steampowered.com/app/633080/Relic_Hunters_Legend/\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Siemens Quiz:} question and answer game for mobile platforms.\line https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.siemens.quizapp\line https://apps.apple.com/br/app/siemens-quiz/id1243612766\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Fantasy Strike:} fighting game for Steam platform.\line https://store.steampowered.com/app/390560/Fantasy_Strike/\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Looney Tunes World of Mayhem:} free-to-play game for mobile platforms.\line https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aqupepgames.projectpepe\line https://apps.apple.com/nz/app/looney-tunes-world-of-mayhem/id1158042933\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Ballistic Overkill:} online first person shooter game for Steam platform.\line https://store.steampowered.com/app/296300/Ballistic_Overkill\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 My Personal Project\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b All Too Human} is a real time strategy game that I\u8217've been developing over the past years using Unity3D and C#.\line The game is set in vasts wastelands and it\u8217's composed essentially by two systems: units control and city management.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b TigSource DevLog:} https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=65558.0\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Download the game vertical slice (released in July/2019):} https://lucas-ot.itch.io/all-too-human-king-of-the-settlement\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b as3-msgpack} is an implementation of MessagePack specification for ActionScript3. I wrote this library during 2012-2013 because at the time there was no good implementation of that specification for AS3. Nowadays as3-msgpack is still listed in MessagePack frontpage and is eventually used by Haxe developers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b as3-msgpack at GitHub:} https://github.com/loteixeira/as3-msgpack\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Skills & Technologies\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Languages:} C#, ActionScript3, JavaScript, Java, C++, Python and Lua.\line {\b Game/Rendering Engines:} Unity3D, Three.js, Away3D, Irrlicht Engine, SDL, Allegro and Flash API.\line {\b Shading Languages:} CG, GLSL and AGAL.\line {\b Libraries/Frameworks:} Frictionless, Unity3D Editor API, Steam API, Windows API, OpenGL, OpenAL, Make, WebGL, Node.js, Angular.js, React and Amazon Web Services (EC2, Lambda, S3 and DynamoDB).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Appendix\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-teixeira-aab475bb\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab GitHub Profile: https://github.com/loteixeira\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:loteixeira@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
loteixeira@gmail.com
}}}
 \u8226? +55 51 99471 1141 \u8226? 34 years old\line Rua Sofia Veloso 104/802 - Porto Alegre, Brazil\par}
}
